338 docs rfc the other half of the docs (#4199)
timescale/docs: _partials/_add-data-blockchain.md

   connect to your $SERVICE_SHORT using [psql][connect-using-psql].

1.  At the `psql` prompt, use the `COPY` command to transfer data into your

>     $COMPANY instance. If the `.csv` files aren't in your current directory,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $SERVICE_LONG. If the `.csv` files aren't in your current directory,
```
